Update the crop fields loading (#53)
esciencecenter-digital-skills/geospatial-python: _episodes/07-vector-data-in-python.md

~~~
{: .language-python}

We will use the `geopandas` module to load the crop field vector data we downloaded at: `data/brpgewaspercelen_definitief_2020.gpkg`. This file contains data for the entirety of the European portion of the Netherlands, with a relatively large volume (512MB). Directly loading the whole file to memory can be slow, or even impossible. However, our Area of Interest (AoI) is northern Amsterdam, which is a small portion of the Netherlands. We only need to load this part.

We will define a bounding box, and only read the data within the extent of the bounding box.
~~~
# Define bounding box in RD coordinates
xmin, xmax = (100_000, 150_000)
ymin, ymax = (450_000, 500_000)
bbox = (xmin, ymin, xmax, ymax)
~~~
{: .language-python}

> ## How should I get the extent of my bounding box?

> > For simplicity, here we assume the **CRS** and **extent** of the bounding box are known. In reality, to make a bounding box for data loading, one needs to know the extent and Coordinate Reference System (CRS) of the geospatial file. Some Python tools, e.g. [`fiona`](https://fiona.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)(which is also the backend of `geopandas`), provides the file inspection functionality without actually reading. An example of these tools is `fiona`. An example can be found in [the documentation of fiona](https://fiona.readthedocs.io/en/latest/manual.html), Section 1.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For simplicity, here we assume the **CRS** and **extent** of the vector file are known. In reality, to make a bounding box for data loading, one needs to know the extent and the Coordinate Reference System (CRS) of the vector file. Some Python tools, e.g. [`fiona`](https://fiona.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)(which is also the backend of `geopandas`), provides the file inspection functionality without actually the need to read the full data set into memory. An example can be found in [the documentation of fiona](https://fiona.readthedocs.io/en/latest/manual.html#format-drivers-crs-bounds-and-schema).
```

We can convert these coordinates to a bounding box or acquire the index of the dataframe to access the geometry. Either of these polygons can be used to clip rasters (more on that later). 

## Selecting spatial features

> Sometimes, the loaded data can still be too large. We can cut it is to a even smaller extent using the `.cx` function:

Reviewer: Don't know whether this is creating more confusion, but maybe it is needed to anticipate the question "why we use square brackets here?"? 
```suggestion
Sometimes, the loaded data can still be too large. We can cut it is to a even smaller extent using the `.cx` indexer (note the use of square brackets instead of round brackets, which are used instead with functions and methods):
```
